# Table of error codes

<table><thead><tr><th width="115">Mã lỗi</th><th width="344">Thông tin lỗi</th><th>Loại tin áp dụng</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>99</td><td>The phone number is blocked in the system</td><td>All types.</td></tr><tr><td>100</td><td><p>The request has been successfully sent to ViHAT.</p><p><strong>Note</strong>: Response code 100 only confirms that the request has been successfully sent to the ESMS system; <strong>it does not indicate whether the message has been delivered to the recipient's phone number</strong>.<br>To track the final status of the message, please provide the <strong>CallbackUrl parameter;</strong> the ESMS system will automatically send a response (callback) to this address when the message reaches its final status.</p></td><td>All types.</td></tr><tr><td>101</td><td>Incorrect ApiKey or SecretKey.</td><td>All types.</td></tr><tr><td>102</td><td>No price list available.</td><td>All types.</td></tr><tr><td>103</td><td>Not enough balance to send message.</td><td>All types.</td></tr><tr><td>104</td><td>Brandname/Call code does not exist.</td><td><p>Customer Care Message.</p><p>Advertising Massage.</p><p>Voice using Script.</p><p>Voice using Template.</p></td></tr><tr><td>105</td><td>Message code/Call code not found in the system.</td><td><p>Get SMS status by date.</p><p>Get SMS status by SMSID.</p><p>Get detail SMS status per phone.</p></td></tr><tr><td>106</td><td>The recording file does not exist.</td><td><p>Voice using Script.</p><p>Voice using Template.</p></td></tr><tr><td>107</td><td>Each request must have at least 30 numbers to be approved.</td><td>Advertising Massage.</td></tr><tr><td>108</td><td>Phone number is not in correct format.</td><td>All types.</td></tr><tr><td>110</td><td>The requested data is incorrect.</td><td>Send Zalo personized content</td></tr><tr><td>118</td><td>Unsupported message type.</td><td>All types.</td></tr><tr><td>120</td><td>List of phone numbers sending messages exceeding the limit.</td><td>Advertising Massage.</td></tr><tr><td>124</td><td>Duplicate RequestId.</td><td>All types.</td></tr><tr><td>140</td><td>IP is not whitelisted for sending messages. Please provide IP to Sales to be whitelisted.</td><td>All types.</td></tr><tr><td>146</td><td>Wrong customer care template.</td><td>Customer Care Message.</td></tr><tr><td>171</td><td>The code has been used, expired or is not valid for the phone number being checked.</td><td>Check code function.</td></tr><tr><td>177</td><td>The network is not registered.</td><td>Customer Care Message.</td></tr><tr><td>199</td><td>This request already exists, processing</td><td><p>Purchase OA Package.</p><p>Register template SMS.</p><p>Register template Zalo</p></td></tr><tr><td>204</td><td>OAID does not exist on the system.</td><td><p>Zalo Message.</p><p>Zalo Consulting.</p><p>Zalo Trading.</p></td></tr><tr><td>210</td><td>Incorrect payload as specified.</td><td><p>Zalo Consulting.</p><p>Zalo Trading</p></td></tr><tr><td>300</td><td>Missing message type</td><td>All types.</td></tr><tr><td>301</td><td>Code of unsupported service type</td><td>Register template SMS.</td></tr><tr><td>687</td><td>The request list exceeds 500 phone numbers.</td><td>Send Zalo personized content</td></tr><tr><td>789</td><td>The template is not configured for the OA ID you are using.</td><td><p>Zalo Message.</p><p>Zalo Consulting.</p><p>Zalo Trading.</p></td></tr><tr><td>790</td><td>Wrong ZNS template.</td><td>Zalo Message.</td></tr><tr><td>791</td><td>Missing OA ID or Template ID.</td><td>Zalo Message.</td></tr><tr><td>799</td><td>OAID not active - OAID Incorrect - OAID has not been added to the account.</td><td>Zalo Message.</td></tr><tr><td>801</td><td>Sending messages Mode 3 does not allow scheduled messaging.</td><td>Zalo Message.</td></tr><tr><td>802</td><td>OA is not allowed to Sending messages Mode 3.</td><td>Zalo Message.</td></tr></tbody></table>
